Feat/data exchange approval documentation (#1190)
eclipse-tractusx/puris: docs/user/User_Guide.md

The notifications are grouped into collapsible sections based on their source disruption. Each collapsible displays the cause as well as effect of the disruption and can be expanded to display the list of notifications in table form.
The table displays `Outgoing` if the message was sent to a partner and `Incoming` if it was received from a partner.
If the notification has been resolved, the row will be grayed out and the text column will additionally display the Resolution Message.

> If there is a data exchange request that needs approval the table header with indicate the number of Requests and appropriate arrow depending on if the data exchange request is `Incoming` (Left arrow) or `Outgoing` (Right arrow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a data exchange request that needs approval the table header will indicate the number of Requests and display an appropriate arrow depending on if the data exchange request is `Incoming` (Left arrow) or `Outgoing` (Right arrow).
```
